Alan AI Button Commands:
Mute yourself          : Disables your microphone, so that others can't hear you.
Press headphone Button : Toggles your microphone on/off.

Common Navigation Commands:
Go back    : Navigates to the previous page in your browsing history.
Go forward : Navigates to the next page in your browsing history.
Reload     : Reloads the current page.

Commands on Home Page:
Go to home page         : Navigates to the homepage of the website.
Go to program           : Navigates to the program section of the website.
Go to personal training : Navigates to the personal training section of the website.
Go to pricing           : Navigates to the pricing section of the website.
Go to flex muscle       : Navigates to the flex muscle section of the website.
Go to cardio exercise   : Navigates to the cardio exercise section of the website.
Go to shoulder workouts : Navigates to the shoulder workouts section of the website.
Go to weight lifting    : Navigates to the weight lifting section of the website.

Commands in Flex:
Open first card  : Opens the first card in the flex section.
Open second card : Opens the second card in the flex section.
Open third card  : Opens the third card in the flex section.
Open fourth card : Opens the fourth card in the flex section.
Open fifth card  : Opens the fifth card in the flex section.

Commands is Pricing Page:
purchase basic package   : Redirect to the basic package payment page
purchase premium package : Redirect to the basic package payment page
purchase diamond package : Redirect to the basic package payment page

Form Filling Commands:
To calculate BMI:
My height is 180 : Enter your height in centimeters.
My weight is 70  : Enter your weight in kilograms.

To fill contact form:
My name is Tony               : Enter your full name.
My phone number is 1001001000 : Enter your phone number.

Common queries:
What equipment do you have?
What is your cancellation policy?
What kind of classes do you offer?
What are some good warm-up exercises?
How long should I rest between sets?
Whats the best way to cool down after a workout?
What are some good warm-up exercises?
What are some good arm exercises?
How often should I do arm workouts?
What are some common mistakes to avoid when doing arm exercises?
How can I modify arm exercises to make them more challenging?